Family Day Weekend - Karlee will reside with Brandy on Family Day weekend in odd-numbered years and with David in even-numbered years. 

School Spring Break - Pursuant to the regular schedule unless David or Brandy has travel plans with Karlee.

Easter Weekend - Karlee will reside with Brandy on Easter weekend in even-numbered years and with David in odd—numbered years

Mother's Day - If Karlee is not otherwise with Brandy on this weekend, Karlee will reside with Brandy on Mother's Day from Sunday at 10 am.

Victoria Day Weekend - Karlee will reside with David on Victoria Day weekend in evenmumbered years and with Brandy in odd—numbered years. 

Father's Day - If Karlee is not otherwise with David on this weekend, Karlee will reside with David on Father's Day from Sunday at 10 am) until 7:30 pm Sunday night. 

Summer Vacation - Karlee will reside with each party for 2 non-consecutive weeks during Karlee's Summer Vacation. David and Brandy will advise each other by May 1St of their chosen weeks, with David to have ﬁrst choice in odd-numbered years and Brandy to have first choice in even—numbered years. 

Canada Day Weekend and August Civic Holiday - Subject to the Summer Vacation schedule above, which will take precedence, Karlee will reside with Brandy on the Canada Day weekend in even-numbered years and with David in odd-numbered years. 

Karlee will reside with David on the August Civic Holiday weekend in even-numbered years and with Brandy in odd-numbered years. 

Labour Day Weekend - Karlee will reside with Brandy in even-numbered years and with David in odd-numbered years. 

Thanksgiving Weekend - Karlee will reside with Brandy on Thanksgiving weekend in odd-numbered years and with David in even—numbered years. 

Christmas Break - The parties will share equally Karlee's school Christmas Break. Karlee will reside with Brandy for the ﬁrst week of Christmas Break in even numbered years and for the second half of Christmas Break in odd numbered years. Karlee will reside with David for the second week of Christmas Break in even numbered years and the ﬁrst week of Christmas Break in odd numbered years. The first half will start after school on Karlee's last day of school in December and end at noon on the date that is the half way point of the Christmas Break. The second half will start at noon on the date that is the half way point of the Christmas Break and end at 7:30 pm on the day prior to going back to school. 

Child's Birthday
Karlee will spend her birthday in accordance with the regular schedule.
